The Irish Girl by Daniel Jefferson.
As I walked out one morning down by the riverside, my eyes were cast around me and an Irish girl I'd buy.
So red and rosy was her cheek, and so curly was her hair, and so costly was the jewelry that Irish girl did wear.
The tears came trickling down her cheek And she began to cry She said, my true love's gone to Ireland And highly forsaken am I I wish I was in Ireland Sitting in a chair Within my hands a glass of wine And my true love by my side I wish I was in Ireland
Sitting in a chair, within my hands a glass of wine and Missoula by my side.
I'd call for candy kisses and pay them as I go.
I'd sail aloft the ocean, let the winds blow high or low.
Love, oh love, it's a killing thing.
Did you ever feel the pain?
How hard it is to love anyone and never be loved again.